Ladies and gentlemen, there are soldiers here today.
No matter how many conspiracy trajectories he has
We have nothing to fear
But don't fall for him
It's the hype you say again
It doesn't change you from running into trouble
Murder for money.
Murder for money, don't put a hat on yourself
White collar is you
God of War Ye, my Xiao family
I had no intention of participating in the entanglement of your nine clans with this son
But according to my son
Please leave my Xiao family in public
Compare with my Xiao family
That being the case, I have to come forward and get justice
Family Head Xiao does have this matter
He kept saying that the old man relied on him to lift his shoes
Everyone here heard it
Is he not a jerk?
Do you really think my Xiao family doesn't dare to do it?
deal with
Mr. Xiao was the godfather when he met throughout the summer
The status of the emergency department is far from being comparable to that of boys
You can bicker with the Eight Families
But you can't shoot at Mr. Xiao
Come? I owe my father
That sounds pretty cool.
Do you have his contact information?
I do know that.
But why do you
Oh, I see.
You want to plead with him directly, right?
Then I'll call for you.
Perhaps he is generous.
Don't bother with us
I promise him.
Do you want him to go back and apologize?